README.rst, before:

Vector tiles creator
====================


This is an experiment project to create vector tiles.


What does this do?
------------------

    This should create vector tiles for a given area at chosen zoom levels.

Dependancies:
-------------

    mapnik
    mapnik-vector-tile


Install and compile
-------------------
    On Debian-based systems:

    Install locate
    
    ::
    
        sudo apt-get install locate


    Update the database:
    
    ::
    
        sudo updatedb

    After the installation of the dependancies, use
    
    ::
    
        make create

    to compile the project.


Use it!
-------

    Chose a tile (for the whole world: z=0, x=0, y=0). This is the area for which you want to create subtiles until the maxz zoom level. If you want compressed tiles, compress should be 1, else 0. Give then a path to your Mapnik stylesheet (xml).

    ::
    
        ./create_tiles z maxz x y compress path/to/stylesheet

    To get informations about the created tiles, I have modified a bit the Mapnik-vector-tile's "tileinfo" example to read easily the informations of a vector tile.

    ::

        make tileinfo

    The Makefile is a bit tricky for the moment and suppose the mapnik-vector-tile's sources are in a directory called "mapnik-vector-tile/src" (it should be the case if you clone the mapnik-vector-tile's repository using git).

Commit message:

Add --compress option and update README

README.rst, after:

Vector tiles creator
====================


This is an experiment project to create vector tiles.


What does this do?
------------------

    This should create vector tiles for a given area at chosen zoom levels.

Dependancies:
-------------

    mapnik
    mapnik-vector-tile


Install and compile
-------------------
    On Debian-based systems:

    Install locate
    
    ::
    
        sudo apt-get install locate


    Update the database:
    
    ::
    
        sudo updatedb

    After the installation of the dependancies, use
    
    ::
    
        make create

    to compile the project.


Use it!
-------

    Chose a tile (for the whole world: z=0, x=0, y=0). This is the area for which you want to create subtiles until the maxz zoom level. Give then a path to your Mapnik stylesheet (xml). If you want compressed PBF tiles, add the --compress option, else you will get uncompressed PBF tiles. 

    ::
    
        ./create_tiles z maxz x y [--compress] path/to/stylesheet

    To get informations about the created tiles, I have modified a bit the Mapnik-vector-tile's "tileinfo" example to read easily the informations of a vector tile.

    ::

        make tileinfo

    The Makefile is a bit tricky for the moment and suppose the mapnik-vector-tile's sources are in a directory called "mapnik-vector-tile/src" (it should be the case if you clone the mapnik-vector-tile's repository using git).
